[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goten and Trunks finally woke
from their restful slumber
in the Lookout.
Elsewhere,
Gohan escaped destruction
at the hands of Buu,
thanks to the powers
of Kibito and Supreme Kai,
who revived him
in the World of the Kais.
[SUPREME KAI] This is the Z
Sword, the weapon of legend.
[NARRATOR] Supreme Kai
believes the Z Sword
is powerful enough
to stop Majin Buu.
Gohan will try to take
this ultimate weapon
and wield it as his own!
The desperate battle against Buu
and Babidi continues, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
--[BULMA grunts]
--[VIDEL gasps]
I just don't understand.
How can it be that Gohan, who
single-handedly defeated Cell,
is no match for a pink blob
with the mind of a child?
[grunts]
Goku is dead and now Gohan?
Oh, my poor, little Chichi.
I can't imagine
what she's going through.
Enough! Enough! Enough!
How can you all be
so sure Gohan's really dead?
It's not like we found
Gohan's body or anything!
So don't sit around crying!
There's no reason for it!
Ya hear me?
Videl, I know how
unbelievable this seems.
But the fact is
none of us are sensing
his energy anymore.
I'm sorry. But he's gone.
He left this world.
[gasps]
I don't believe it.
[VIDEL] I refuse to believe it.
Gohan must be alive.
I don't care what you say.
I know he's still out there!
[VIDEL]
Come back to me.
[GOHAN grunts]
Come on!
[grunting]
[SUPREME KAI]
Huh?
Uh, hold up for a second, guys.
Just one quick question:
Once I pull out this Z Sword,
nothing dangerous is
gonna happen here, right?
[KIBITO] It is said he
who wields it gains power.
Tremendous amounts
of power, in fact.
Enough, even, to defeat
Majin Buu in single combat.
Oh, wow.
Are you sure? That means
this sword's super sharp.
Sounds intimidating.
It's not like you'll be
able to pull the sword free.
[SUPREME KAI] Kibito, be quiet
and watch. Let him concentrate.
Gohan, pull with everything
you have. I believe in you!
[GOHAN]
Thanks. Okay!
[grunts]
[groans]
[yells, pants]
[yells]
Uaah!
Hot! It burns, it burns!
Gohan, are you okay?
I still believe
that you can do this.
It's pointless! I can't
even get it to budge!
[KIBITO]
Hmph.
'Kay. One more time.
You can do it. Come on!
[bellows]
Going Super Saiyan
is impressive,
but it's a desperation move
that won't help.
[GOHAN grunts]
[yells]
You see? How can a lowly
mortal like yourself
expect to pull out
an artifact that even
countless Supreme Kais
have proven unable to wield?
[GOHAN grunts]
[yells]
[pants]
[KIBITO gasps]
[GOHAN grunts]
Come on!
Yes! He did it!
What? That can't be!
[GOHAN panting]
[KIBITO]
Well, I guess I was wrong.
Swing it around some, Gohan.
Do you feel the sword's
power in you?
[GOHAN groans]
[gasps, hollers]
Is it supposed
to feel this heavy?
[groans]
I hate to burst
your guys' bubble,
but I'm not feeling any
kind of Z Sword power rush
flowing through my body, either.
Well, that's strange.
[GOHAN] Unless something
changes, I'm not beating
anything with this,
let alone Majin Buu.
Take that back!
You have no idea
what you're talking about!
The Z Sword
is the greatest weapon
in the Sacred World of the Kais!
It's more than capable
of defeating Buu.
It's you who's not, so long as
you're staggering around
like a weakling,
straining to hold it up.
Only when you can
brandish it with ease
will you be able to face the
Majin one-on-one in battle.
That's easy for you
to say right now.
Try holding it. Here.
It's not that I'm weak,
the Z Sword's just really heavy.
Got it?
--[KIBITO] Yes.
--[GOHAN] Cool.
[hollers]
See? I wasn't joking
about it being heavy.
[KIBITO grunts]
[blowing air]
[KIBITO]
It wasn't that bad.
I don't know.
Sure doesn't look like
--what we just saw.
--Yeah.
Well, the point is you need
to be able to control
the Z Sword like it's
an extension of your arm.
[BOTH]
Hm.
[panting]
[GOKU] All right,
Goten and Trunks listen up:
Even if you pull off
Fusion successfully,
you can only stay as that new
being for thirty minutes.
After that, you'll revert
back to two separate kids.
And you won't be able
to Fuse again
until you've rested a while.
[PICCOLO] Ugh. Thirty minutes
doesn't give 'em
much time against Buu.
Knowing how talented
these kids are,
thirty minutes should be
more than enough time
as long as they
perform Fusion correctly.
It's hard to believe but that's
how strong this technique is.
All right, boys.
First thing I need you to do
is power up to Super Saiyan.
[BOTH grunt]
[GOKU]
Hm. What's wrong?
Hmmm.
[BOTH grunt]
Hold on!
Where were you earlier
when Majin Buu
killed Gohan and my dad?
Hm. I was unconscious.
What? How did that happen?
I don't buy it! I think
you let them fight alone
because you were too scared!
How are we supposed
to get stronger
learning a lame move
from someone so weak
he has to run off and hide
when he shoulda been
helping my big brother?
[PICCOLO growls]
You little brats.
Goku wasn't hiding!
It's okay, Piccolo.
[PICCOLO grunts]
You're right.
Next to Buu, I'm weak.
I'm simply not
strong enough to beat him.
But I do have
one thing on him,
and that's teaching you Fusion.
Believe me, I want
revenge for him killing
Vegeta and Gohan
as much as you do.
Mastering Fusion is
our best chance for that.
--So what now?
--I don't know.
[BABIDI laughs]
People of Earth!
It is I, the great
Wizard Babidi,
and his loyal servant,
Majin Buu.
I'm pleased to announce that
our destruction will continue,
with an even larger city
as our target.
Buu will eat every citizen
of this town unless
the three named Piccolo,
a-k-a "Ma Junior,"
Trunks, and Goten
surrender immediately.
[CITIZENS gasp]
[MAN 34A]
No fair! Those monsters
can't do that! I live here!
[MAN 34B] Hey! They're talking
about our city, aren't they?
I just bought a house!
No doubt about it!
He's gonna eat us!
[MAN 34D]
Majin Buu's right above us!
We're gonna be
his next course! No!
--[CITIZENS screaming]
--[MAN 34E] Get me out of here!
[WOMAN 34A screams]
Don't eat me, Majin Buu!
[screams]
That wizard's telling
the whole world about us!
Trunks, if you close your eyes
you can see Majin Buu!
You gotta try it!
Don't do that!
You don't want to see this.
[yells]
[BABIDI]
Well, that's disappointing.
I haven't heard from Goten,
Trunks, or Piccolo
about surrendering
despite my latest threat.
I hope they realize
this hesitation
will now lead to more victims.
I got it! Last time we turned
them into hard candy.
So, this time we'll turn
the people of this city
into chocolate
for you to devour.
Okay, Majin Buu.
I order you to transform
the humans into...
bars of chocolate!
Buu!
--[CITIZENS screaming]
--[MAN 34E screams]
--[whooping]
--[laughs]
Woo!
[CITIZENS screaming]
Ah! Turn into chocolate,
all of you!
[MAN 34F screams]
[BUU grunts, laughs]
[yells]
[laughs]
No! He ate them!
[GOTEN]
A whole city of people!
How could he do that?
[BOTH yell]
[burps]
Huh?
[BUU groans]
Haaa!
[explosion]
[grunts]
So many people!
[BABIDI] It looks like
Majin Buu's tummy hurts
after filling up on
millions of sugary humans.
So, since you haven't
revealed yourselves,
we'll blow up the next place
without any warning.
There are so many cities
I'm excited to destroy today.
[TRUNKS]
Babidi! Majin Buu!
Ah?
This is Trunks!
Can you hear me?
Goten, too!
Good! So you finally
came to your senses
and returned my call.
Hey! We're training now,
but the next time we meet
won't be to surrender,
it'll be to destroy you!
That's a promise!
Stop it! No more further
communication with Babidi!
He'll find out about this place!
[BABIDI] Come out,
come out wherever you are!
Or are you so cowardly
you'd rather watch
another city destroyed
than face me?
You have to master Fusion.
Do you understand?
[BOTH]
Hm!
Great. Now we're
really running low on time,
so like I said earlier,
turn Super Saiyan.
Yeah. Whatever you say.
[BOTH grunt]
[GOKU] Good start, but now I
need you to raise your energy
as high as it can go.
Don't hold back!
[chuckles]
Sweet. Let's show
your dad what we can do!
'Kay!
[chuckles]
[BOTH bellow]
[KRILLIN]
Hm?
What, what's going on?
Do you know, Krillin?
Goten and Trunks,
they're becoming so powerful.
Incredible!
That's my Trunks.
He is Vegeta's son, after all.
As talented as they are,
maybe those children
really can handle Fusion.
Yeah.
Uh!
I didn't realize
they'd gotten this strong.
Good. You're both
going all out, right?
[BOTH]
Yep!
Well, I think.
[GOKU] Trunks, you seem to have
a little more energy than Goten.
[TRUNKS chuckles]
But to do Fusion correctly,
you gotta align
your energy levels to
the exact same intensity.
Trunks, I need you to bring
down your energy a hair
so it matches with Goten's.
What? You want it weaker?
All right. How 'bout this?
[GOKU] That's too small now.
Come up a little bit.
--[TRUNKS grunts]
--[GOKU] Little higher.
--[GOKU] Teeny bit more.
[GOKU]
Perfect! Hold it there.
Remember this energy level.
It's what you'll be using.
Excellent. Now power down.
Wow, that isn't easy.
But I don't get why
I have to handicap myself
and stay at Goten's
weak energy level.
Sorry I'm not
as strong as you.
Stop complaining, Trunks.
He can't help it.
It's only natural that
you're stronger than someone
who's a year younger.
[BULMA]
Hold on, Goku!
I couldn't help but overhear
that you want Trunks to go
into battle holding something
back! That's too dangerous!
[KRILLIN]
Whoa, hold up, Bulma!
[BULMA]
Move it, shorty!
I can't let you
interrupt their training.
Let me go!
[grunts]
Ow. Wait! It's okay, Bulma.
Goku and Piccolo
know what they're doing.
[BULMA] What are you doing?
I said let go of me!
Mom...
Put me down, Krillin!
Turn around your stubby
legs and put me down!
Stop, Krillin!
Let Goku do his thing!
[BULMA] I just wanted to
watch and make sure he was
treating my little
Trunks well. Sheesh.
[inhales, exhales]
[GOTEN] I know I can
do better. Let's go again.
This time I'll try to
bring mine up to yours.
[TRUNKS]
Sounds good.
Fusion, huh? How would
Goku and I have done?
[KRILLIN grunts]
[GOKU grunts]
[BOTH grunting]
Krillin, you're too powerful.
Take it down to Goku's level.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Hey. You'll get it
one of these days, kid.
Yeah. A guy can dream.
[BUU]
Hm, hmmm!
[grunts]
[CITIZENS scream]
--[BUU chuckles]
--[BABIDI laughs]
[MAN 34G]
Eeeh!
[tires screech]
[laughs]
[MAN 34G screams]
[BUU laughs]
--[BUU grunts]
--[MAN 34G screams]
[laughs]
[MALE NEWSCASTER 34A] With Majin
Buu continuing his rampage,
the families of
his victims must ask,
where are those
hostages he demanded?
The people whose sacrifice
could end this terror?
Where are Piccolo,
Goten, and Trunks?
I can't believe
this is happening.
We're all goners unless those
folks he's after surrender!
Wait. Did he say, "Trunks"?
Trunks, honey!
You feed that blond-haired brat
his teeth, you hear me?
It can't be.
That little brat's the key
to saving the earth?
I'm not letting his selfishness
get my family eaten!
Somebody needs to
tell Buu where that kid lives!
Ma, I know for a fact
this Trunks dude
lives over in West City.
Are you positive?
[IDASA]
Mmhmmm!
You saved our butts.
Now, listen up.
And you pay attention,
too, Ikose.
Concentrate on
Majin Buu, all right?
[IKOSE]
Mmmm...
[IDASA]
[IDASA'S MOM]
Mmmm...
[laughs]
Destroying cities is so fun.
[IDASA'S MOM]
Babidi? Babidi!
Can you hear me? Hello?
Speaking.
I know where Trunks is.
He lives at the Capsule
Corporation building
over in West City.
Now please have your pink
friend go eat him next
and spare me and my family!
Uuugh...
Wait, who are you?
I am Idasa
and Ikoses's mom,
a proud member of the PTA.
And I consider it my moral
obligation to rat out Trunks!
Earlier today,
I caught Trunks cheating
during the first round of the
World Martial Arts Tournament
youth division bracket!
See, this morning,
my boys were running fevers.
I told them to stay in bed, but
they're so brave and strong.
Unfortunately,
Trunks took advantage
of their handicaps
and beat them!
Otherwise, there's no way
in heck they'd have lost!
Shut up! I appreciate
the info, but if I hear
another word
in your grating voice,
I will personally fly on over
to your living room
and pulverize you.
[screams]
That's not fair!
After I told you where
he lives and everything!
[yells]
It's driving me crazy!
Next, both of you
raise your energy levels
as high as they'll go while
staying in your normal forms.
I worry that attempting
Fusion as Super Saiyans
right out of the gate
will be too risky.
[BABIDI]
People of Earth!
[ALL gasp]
[BABIDI] I've received a
critical piece of information
about one of those
cowards-at-large.
Of the three hooligans
I'm looking for,
it seems the boy fighter
known as Trunks
lives in a building with
the rather unique name
of "Capsule Corporation"
in West City.
I think we'll stop by.
Consider this my call
letting you know.
Buu and I hope to
see you there, Trunks.
If you're not, West City will be
the next one Buu chews up.
Literally!
[NARRATOR] As if Babidi
and Majin Buu's attacks
weren't bad enough,
the villains now know
Trunks lives in West City!
Trunks and Goten
must continue their training
to master Fusion, as time
runs out to save Earth!
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Things have gone
from bad to worse,
with Babidi finding out
the location
of the Capsule Corporation.
[BULMA] Goku, we have
no margin for error!
If the Dragon Radar gets
destroyed, we won't be able
to bring all the people
Buu killed back to life!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
"Hold Majin Buu in Check!
Limit! Super Saiyan 3!"
[GOHAN] We need to do
whatever it takes
to slow down Buu while
they find the Dragon Radar.